Your big brother Shi Nai is dead,
and the Mengzhao family is now under your control.
I’ve heard that your family’s CFO
was recently replaced.
From now on, Lai Song will serve
as the Mengzhao family’s CFO.
He’ll stay in Bangkok to help you
reorganize the financial team
and assist with business matters.
Hou Jiuling won’t openly
control the Mengzhao family,
but he’s planting someone
in our core financial team.
From now on, every transaction
of the Mengzhao family’s business
will be crystal clear to Jiuling.
Ruthless!
Very well, thank you for
your kindness, Mr. Huo.
Business is settled,
now let’s talk about personal matters.
Mr. Huo, please go ahead.
When you kidnapped her,
which hand did you use?
W-What?